so what are you gonna sing good i'll be
singing Major Tom Wow all right go forth
this is ground control to Major Tom you
really read the gray no pebbles want to
know who shot you ahead now it's time to
leave the capsule if you dare this is
Major Tom to ground control I'm stepping
through the door and I'm floating in the
most peculiar way I must all look very
different today for my sitting in a gym
can ya stop you look what the hell was
that a complete and utter mess the whole
thing I mean just terrible terrible
terrible terrible so yes or no Simon
never I'm absolutely gonna say no I
thought it was very old-fashioned very
cabaret you know I would honestly say to
you outside this competition be a female
impersonator okay I think anyone over
the age of 80 would love you Brandi
asana oh I don't know I wouldn't even do
the music thing about you doc okay I'm
sorry hi um can I just say something
before you think of your minds go for it
yeah I brought a gift for you um this is
actually my my judge and it's judging
you on how well you judge me so if you
could just uh take a second I'm going to
go ahead and make sure this thing is
loaded why you rethink your your
judgment that would be great what do you
think now I think because of the way you
look and I don't mean this in a
patronizing way I think this is what you
like what it alive is going to be
breathe thank you there's a part of me
that believes that you can turn the
magic on so I'm not give you another
chance great choice great choice you
make it you make a choice there yeah and
what about you i will give you another
shot let's just based on your voice i
mean i think you got a good for someone
to say yes you guys you guys are
trailing you know your counter near your
camera I'll see you in Hollywood thanks
a lot Thank You Danny